Jotham was 25 years old when he became
king and he reigned 16 years in
Jerusalem his mother's name was Jerusha
the daughter of Zadok and he did what
was right in the sight of the Lord
according to all that his father Isaiah
had done although he did not enter the
temple of the Lord but still the people
acted corruptly he built the upper gate
of the house of the Lord and he built
extensively on the wall of Ophir
moreover he built cities in the
mountains of Judah and in the forests he
built fortresses and towers he also
fought with the king of the ammonites
and defeated them and the people of
Ammon gave him in that year one hundred
talents of silver 10,000 cores of wheat
and ten thousand of barley the people of
Ammon paid this to him in the second and
third years also so Jotham became mighty
because he prepared his ways before the
Lord his God now the rest of the acts of
Jotham and all his Wars and his ways
indeed they are written in the book of
the kings of Israel and Judah he was 25
years old when he became King and he
reigned 16 years in Jerusalem
so Jotham rested with his father's and
they buried him in the City of David
then a has his son reigned in his place